welcome to how to cook great food calm
we'll be making a lamb curry today I'll
run through some ingredients with you
now as you can see I've got I've got
about half a kg 500 grams of lamb there
on the bone nice little bit of fat on it
steel I've got some chopped tomatoes
there as bachelor 3 medium size tomatoes
about 4 medium size thinly sliced onions
do a bit of red food color here I've got
my whole purpose of spices garam masala
which I'll run through with you at the
cooker but some fresh chopped green
chilli I've got some ginger and garlic
paste and here I've got my powders about
a teaspoon of each I've got chili powder
cumin powder coriander powder turmeric
white howdy salt and pepper I'm going to
do this in a pressure cooker just
because if it gets that meat really nice
and tender you can do it without a
pressure cooker but it will take a long
time so if you've got one of those it is
really going to speed this process up
let's go over to the cooker we're going
to start off with a little touch of
mustard oil and of course touch of water
okay so it's got pressure cooker here
with a little touch of mustard oil in
there you can use a different oil if you
want but that will give it a nice taste
in goes all of my whole garam masala
I've got their baby lips mustard seeds
if you coriander seeds dry chili
cinnamon stick we're just going to cook
those until they pop a little bit which
should just be 30 seconds 40 seconds
really there you go that releases all
those beautiful flavors and infuses that
oil okay why that's happening let's get
out our doing salt pepper cumin
coriander and turmeric or halibut smells
amazing already let's go going down
fresh chilies and then garlic dip your
face
Wow now I'm going to go to the onions
thinly sliced
we just want to put these two a couple
of minutes and let me back so there you
go just a couple of minutes they've shot
them down the little little and the
Oromo is incredible
let's drop our meat in there nice a
little bit of that color in there that
red color in just like the teaspoon of
that
as its color it will add no flavor at
all to sir visual effect really okay so
what I'm going to do is I want to get
all this meat cooked a little bit still
nicely get some of those flavors in
there I'm going to keep stirring this
and I'll be back in about four or five
minutes do then okay just come over
really nicely and let some water
was that two cups of water they're
enough to just cover it over and like I
say I'm going to use a pressure cooker
here if you haven't got a pressure
cooker you can of course still make this
I'm going to bring this to the boil and
a pressure cook it for about six minutes
if you're doing this in the conventional
non pressure pot then you're going to
need to cook this lamb for about 40
minutes I'm afraid so and maybe invest
in a pressure cooker I'll be back when
it's done so that's been on for about
seven minutes let's take a look now
don't forget that I'm all pressure
cookers are different so what we're
trying to aim for you is getting this
meat nice and tender you just give it a
prod with your spoon it's pretty good so
the completely as expected fantastic red
color now we're going to do is get out
tomatoes in some sliced tomatoes I'm
going to relight the heat get there the
step
and I'm going to cook this with the lid
off now because I want to reduce that
down it's a little bit too wet too much
water in there so I'll cut this leave
the lid off for about four to five
minutes let's just reduce that down
slightly I'll see you then
there we go let's reduce down nicely
those tomatoes have completely
disappeared and cooked into a lovely
lovely sauce there I've tasted it for a
little bit more seasoning it was fine
for me obviously you're just how you
want you could at the end here I don't
know a bit of yogurt I'm not going to or
you could even add some fresh coriander
again I'm not going for that this for me
is perfect we'll see you next time
take care